Yingge Courtyard?
I used to dream about leaving here
every day.
I never thought
I would come back to reminisce one day.
Follow me.
What are you looking for?
My grandmother
left this jade pendant to my mother.
And she passed it on to me
before she passed away.
Back when we were in Yingge Courtyard,
I already wanted to give it to you.
But I didn't know your feelings for me,
so I never did.
When we left the courtyard in a rush.
So I couldn't take this jade pendant
away with me.
Now that we've returned here again,
maybe it's fate.
Chu,
can we forget everything from the past
and be together again?
I expected that you wouldn't accept
this jade pendant.
I've made too many mistakes
and already lost you.
I just held on to a glimmer of hope,
wanting to try one last time.
Yan Xun.
[REBIRTH]
[Episode 36]
Through the woods ahead
is the southernmost part of Great Yan.
To the west are Ximeng and Biantang.
To the east is Great Yong.
We can either go through Great Yong
to the southern border,
or settle in a nearby village.
This place is close to the Pale Tribe
with convenient transportation.
If we get tired of living here one day,
we can change places at any time.
Do you remember Yunzhou?
You mean Yunzhou next to Biantang?
Yes,
it's not far from here.
When we returned to Great Yan
from Biantang,
we passed through there.
I heard from the merchants there
that it's situated at the junction
of Great Yong, Great Yan, and Biantang.
It's an ungoverned area
but also a thriving commercial hub.
We can sell silk from Biantang
to Great Yong,
or horses and jade from Great Yan
to Biantang.
No matter what we do,
we can live a peaceful life.
Okay.
I'll listen to you.
Let's go there.
Have you heard?
The world is going into chaos.
Our envoy from Biantang
was killed in Great Yong.
Not to mention
our envoy,
I heard that even Yan Xun,
King of Great Yan,
and Chu Qiao are trapped in Great Yong.
No one knows if they are dead or alive.
Don't talk nonsense, you two.
Our king is safe and sound
in the Capital of Great Yan.
Didn't he kill the rebels
from Lanchuan and Helian not long ago?
It's not nonsense.
Doing business here every day,
how would you know?
We just came out
of the Capital of Great Yan.
Those days, troops and horses
were coming and going on the streets,
with only a female general in command.
We didn't see your King of Great Yan
show up at all.
If he's not trapped in Great Yong,
then where is he?
Exactly.
You still can't talk nonsense.
-Cheng Yuan.
-Stop drinking the tea.
Go.
Whatever, I don't care.
No one would like
to come to this shabby place.
Go.
I bought this in a nearby town.
It will take you several days
to reach Great Yong.
It'll be a tiring journey.
I've prepared
some extra dry rations for you.
Helian.
I know.
In your heart,
Yan Xun matters so much.
If you don't go save him,
we won't be able to live in peace.
Besides, he is the King of Great Yan.
If anything happens to him,
Great Yan will definitely fall into chaos.
Our Helian Tribe
is also one of the 13 tribes of Great Yan.
When the nest is overturned,
no egg remains intact.
We both understand this truth.
But promise me
that no matter what happens,
you must come back safely.
I will always be waiting for you.
Helian,
I promise you.
Once I find Yan Xun,
I will return safely.
We will go to Yunzhou,
or anywhere you want to go,
and live a life with just the two of us.
What is this place?
What's hidden under the white clothes?
I heard it's the newly built
Temple of the Faceless God.
Kneel down quickly.
This is the Imperial Preceptor.
With blood as the pact
and fire as the medium,
Faceless God,
please hear my call.
Punish the evil
and destroy the disrespectful!
Last night,
the Faceless God descended before me
and bestowed 3 sacred prophecies.
When the 3 prophecies
are fulfilled one by one,
she will personally descend to the world
and save all people from torment!
What does that mean?
The first prophecy of the Faceless God
is to punish 4 deeply sinful people,
using their blood
to cleanse the filth of the.
Punish the sinful people?
What does that mean?
Does it mean someone is going to die?
I heard something happened
to the Master of the Muhe family.
Their young master is rushing back
for the funeral.
Isn't that General Meng's cousin?
Did anything happen to General Meng, too?
Among the 4 great clans,
2 have had accidents.
And also General Meng,
Commander of the Southwest Forces.
Now, the military power in the southwest
has all been handed over
to the Zhuge family and the Mu family.
Among the 4 great clans,
only the Mu family
is Zhao Che's trusted ally.
The Muhe family and the Wei family
both belong to Zhao Yang's faction.
General Meng works
for the Emperor of Great Yong.
Zhao Che wants to use
the Faceless God Sect
to get rid of his dissidents.
In this case,
the Emperor of Great Yong will soon become
Zhao Che's puppet, too.
There's one more thing.
What is it?
In the Faceless God's prophecy,
4 people are supposed to die.
Now,
there is still one left.
It's Xing Le.
Half of Great Yong's outer armies
are in his hands.
If Zhao Che wants to control Great Yong,
he will definitely target him.
We have to save Xing Le.
Chu,
you know I have a deep blood feud
with Great Yong.
If they start infighting,
I'd like to watch them kill each other.
Are you sure you want to meddle
in this unnecessary matter?
Yan Xun.
This is absolutely not
an unnecessary matter.
I agreed to leave Great Yong
with you back then
because you told me
that Great Yan
was an independent and just land,
but it was destroyed
by the Emperor of Great Yong.
Now,
Zhuge Yue and I have gone through
all the hardships to build such a place,
yet it is still not welcomed
by the world.
There is no such thing
as a peaceful sanctuary.
If the deep-rooted problems
of Great Yong are not resolved,
this world
will never take a turn for the better.
Leave this to me.
Wait for my news.
Congratulations, Prince of Jing.
Among the 4 great clans in Zhenhuangcheng,
the Muhe family
and the Wei family have both fallen.
General Meng, who held the southwest
military power, also died suddenly.
From now on,
among the 4 great clans of Great Yong,
only yours remains dominant,
Prince of Jing.
That is all thanks to the Crown Prince.
But I'm wondering
about what His Highness promised
regarding the southwest military power.
The spies of Qingshan Manor
will act tonight.
Once General Xing Le is dead,
the southwest military power
will be handed over to you,
Prince of Jing.
Thank you so much, Young Master Zhuge.
[Qingzhu Hall]
Show yourself.
I know it's you.
You are wanted throughout the city.
Following me so recklessly,
aren't you afraid
I'll order another crackdown on you?
I know,
with Wei Guang and Muhe Lie dead,
the Wei and Muhe families' power
will surely wane.
Of the 4 great families in Zhenhuangcheng,
only the Zhuge and Mu families remain.
Zhuge Yue,
what exactly are you planning?
We can work together to achieve it.
What kind of plan
do you think I could have?
We've been through so much together.
You can't deceive me.
Back in the foul Zhuge's Residence,
you pretended to be the aloof
and ruthless Fourth Young Master
of Qingshan Manor.
Yet, in this dog-eat-dog Zhenhuangcheng,
you still saved me
as well as the slaves like me.
I believe
you won't become a person who aids evil
and cannot tell right from wrong.
That conceited
Fourth Young Master
who thought he could save the world
is already dead.
Now there is only the powerful official
of Great Yong,
Chief of Qingshan Manor, Zhuge Yue.
If you don't leave now,
when the spies from Qingshan Manor arrive,
you won't be able to escape.
Zhuge Yue!
Mr. Mu,
sending so many Mu's Guards
to tail me late at night,
what are you up to?
Sorry, General Zhuge.
[Mu Shen, from the Mu family's faction]
I am just anxious
to catch this female slave
to ease His Majesty's worries.
I didn't expect you to be here, too.
In this case,
General Zhuge,
why don't you kindly step aside
and let me kill her?
So we can go ask for a reward
from the Crown Prince together.
General Mu,
this is all your credit.
How could I get a share of it?
General Mu, please go ahead
and help the Crown Prince
solve the problems.
Thank you for your understanding,
General Zhuge.
Kill her.
Huan Huan?
Whoever kills Chu Qiao
will receive a bounty reward!
Since you are not afraid of death,
General Mu,
I will grant you that!
Let them go.
Step back, everyone!
Thank you for saving me today.
Don't mention it.
I owed you this.
General Chu,
I want to seek cooperation with you.
We can cooperate.
But I won't eat
anything you give me ever again.
Let me go! Let me go!
General Xing.
Thank you for saving me, General Chu.
What did you find out from him?
He insisted
that he was not Zhao Che's accomplice
and said he didn't know any of his plans.
When pressed further,
he started yelling
and acting crazy.
You knocked him out?
He jumped around
until he passed out.
They have already come back and reported.
General Xing Le was rescued,
and his whereabouts remain unknown.
Mu Shen was
also taken away by Chu Qiao.
They are no more than pawns.
No need to feel pity.
You promised me before
that you wouldn't let Chu Qiao
interfere with our operation.
But now.
Without these pawns,
this game of chess is at a stalemate.
Qingshan Manor is already
searching the city
for Chu Qiao and Yan Xun.
Spies have been deployed
at all city gates.
Even the slightest move they make
won't escape the Qingshan Manor's watch.
The second prophecy Jia Meng
announced
in the Temple of the Faceless God
says that the Faceless God
would punish a land of sin
and cleanse its sins with a flood.
Since she said that,
Ximeng has been experiencing
continuous heavy rain,
and many mountains
have suffered from floods.
The climate in Ximeng
is extreme by nature.
The late summer and early autumn
in previous years
also saw the heaviest rainfall.
Continuous heavy rain at this time
is nothing weird at all.
But I am afraid
only the local people of Ximeng know this.
Others will believe
it is really the fulfillment
of Jia Meng's prophecy.
But what's in it for Zhao Che
with this prophecy?
Is it just to make the Faceless God
more convincing?
I am afraid it is more than that.
Zhao Che's next step is likely
to make a move against Ximeng.
Your Highness,
I know I once served
the Thirteenth Prince,
and to earn your trust,
I must first prove myself.
And now,
I have proven it to you with 2 prophecies.
The first prophecy
purged your dissidents in the court.
Before the second prophecy,
I observed the celestial phenomena.
The heavy rain in Ximeng
will last for half a month,
exactly fulfilling the cursed land.
Well done.
Tomorrow, the army of Great Yong
will depart from Zhenhuang
to Ximeng.
I will, in the name of the Faceless God,
reclaim Ximeng.
Once you get control
of the black gold mine in Ximeng,
not to mention Great Yong,
all the realms will be in your hands,
Your Highness.
General Meng is dead.
The military power in the southwest
shall be taken over
by the Prince of Jing from now on.
For this march to Ximeng,
we'll count on your strategic leadership.
I
accept your order.
During the fierce battles back then,
my leg
was crippled while saving His Majesty.
I didn't expect that because of this,
I'd be discarded by His Majesty.
All these years, I haven't been able
to share the burden of state affairs,
idling away my time.
Now,
Your Highness, you entrust me
with such an important task,
I'm deeply moved.
Although I am old,
my mansion
is full of people willing to serve you,
Your Highness!
Please rest assured, Your Highness.
I will certainly not let you down.
Judging by the direction,
they must be leaving the city.
You were right.
Now, Zhao Che is using the heavy rainfall
to claim to the world
that Ximeng enraged the Faceless God.
By dispatching troops now,
he is doing it
in the name of the Faceless God
to take over Ximeng.
Previously, Zhuge Muqing
took 20,000 Yong Army soldiers
outside Ximeng Pass.
They haven't retreated yet.
Plus, the newly mobilized troops
from a few days ago.
I'm worried
He Xiao and the others
won't be able to hold out.
Don't worry.
I will set off right away
for Great Yan to mobilize troops
to reinforce Ximeng.
Okay.
King of Great Yan,
thank you for saving me that day.
Zhenhuangcheng is now locked down.
Take this token
and leave through the southeast gate.
The defending general
at the southeast gate is my trusted aide.
He will let you pass
when he sees the token.
Thank you, General Xing.
I will return to Great Yan to prepare
a counterattack as soon as possible.
Zhao Che is completely
out of his mind now.
Jia Meng has announced
2 prophecies so far.
The next one will only be worse.
You and Huan Huan must be
very careful staying here.
On behalf of the Faceless God,
I'm announcing the third prophecy.
On this land,
the previous one chosen
by the Faceless God
will be baptized by heavenly fire.
From the ashes of the heavenly fire,
the next one chosen by the Faceless God
will descend upon the world!
You may go.
Where are you going?
Go.
You guys...
Stop him.
Zhuge Yue,
you told me
that as long as I took good care of Chu,
you would come back.
My Lord, the King of Great Yan is injured.
Capture the King of Great Yan immediately.
The Ice Arrow hurt the bone.
Bear with it.
Cheng Yuan,
take the Black Eagle Army's token
and rush back to Great Yan right away
to deploy troops and reinforce Ximeng.
Zhao Che's troops
are already on their way to Ximeng.
Go quickly.
Hurry!
I will fetch you some water.
Cheng Yuan.
Come on.
After Zhao Che conquers Ximeng,
he'll target Great Yan next.
You must fully support Chu in fighting
against Great Yong,
just as you have assisted me.
This is not just for Chu's sake,
but also for the safety of Great Yan.
I'll carry you back with me.
No way.
I have trouble moving now.
It's too unsafe for you
to take me with you.
People from Qingshan Manor are
all over outside.
It's an emergency.
You go first.
I will be fine.
I know you like Consort Helian.
I will grant you marriage later,
right at the foot of Mount Huihui.
Your Majesty.
Before,
you didn't understand my feelings for Chu.
Now,
you should be able to understand.
Cheng Yuan,
you grew up without a home.
You once told me
that the military camp of Great Yan
was your home.
Over the years,
I have always hoped
you could find someone you love
and have a real home.
Now I can finally...
rest assured.
Your Majesty.
Young Master, there are bloodstains here.
Search deeper into this forest.
Make sure you bring the person back to me!
Understood.
Let's go.
Cheng Yuan, go quickly!
Leave now!
Zhuge Yue and I have fought
for so many years.
I can't kill him,
and neither can he kill me.
Cheng Yuan.
I order you to leave immediately!
Your Majesty...
This is the King's command!
Yes, Your Majesty.
I'm sorry, Your Majesty.
Over the years,
we have been sovereign and subject
as well as brothers.
Forgive me, as your elder brother,
for not listening to you again this time.
It's Yan Xun!
Catch him!
Yan Xun.
Zhuge Yue,
you lost.
We've fallen for a trick.
The King of Great Yan must be nearby.
Keep searching!
Understood!
Hold on.
I've already searched.
There's a cliff over there
with bloodstains on it.
Yan Xun took 2 arrows in the leg.
He must have fallen off the cliff
and been crushed to pieces.
Let's go.
Take the body away.
Your Highness,
we've also been to the valley
on the other side.
We did not find any trace
of the King of Great Yan.
Let's go.
Cheng Yuan.
Cheng Yuan...
You can't die.
You can't die without my order!
I want you to come back.
Cheng Yuan.
I want you to come back!
Your Majesty, you, Great Yan, and I are
one.
Through life, death, honor,
and disgrace, to the very end,
no matter when,
I will always stand
by your side, Your Majesty.
♪ The sky is so vast ♪
♪ The dark clouds are gray ♪
♪ The rain is falling ♪
♪ The eagle is flying ♪
♪ In the vast wilderness ♪
♪ The wind blows ♪
♪ I'm fearless of death ♪
♪ And I'll never have regrets ♪
♪ The lonely black eagle ♪
I don't want to see you again in my life.
♪ Is flying against the light ♪
I joined the army when I was young.
♪ Where is my hometown? ♪
The military camp of Great Yan is my home.
♪ In the vast world ♪
The Black Eagle Army and you,
Your Majesty, are my family.
Great Yan is so large,
but I don't know where to go.
♪ I have no origin ♪
Cheng Yuan,
I'll take you home.
♪ And no destination ♪
♪ A pair of stubborn wings ♪
♪ Is born to fly ♪
Red Eagle,
did Cheng Yuan send you?
Your Majesty,
Red Eagle knows the way back to Great Yan.
It will take you home.
Take good care of Helian Ling.
Please wait, Your Highness!
Chu Qiao is here to surrender.
The third prophecy Jia Meng is to announce
is that the Faceless God Sect will burn
the current Chosen One to death
with sacred fire.
Your Majesty,
what did you just say?
It is not appropriate for us
to meet again.
Lord Zhuge, please
behave yourself.